journals/katelyn_martin.md, before:

Week 1: project brainstorming. Started with toy trading app ideas, however, we realized setting up an ecommerce site was a bit beyond our capabilities/time frame for this project. We have started with a new idea: ParkIt (crowd-sourced parking spot finder app). Ended the week with finding our API, Bing Maps API, that we will use to populate a list of local public parking areas based on user location.
Week 2:
## 11/14/22
Today, I worked on:
* Restructuring wireframe and logo creation

We worked together as a group to finalize our wireframe design for our ParkIt idea. We also collaborated together to create our porducts logo.

## 11/15/22
Today, I worked on:
* API endpoint design:

I worked with Kaludia and Andrew to determine our API endpoint design for the login, signup, main page, parking spot submission form, and partially through our parking list view/map. We are having a hard time to fully visualize how our backend code will be at this moment with our calls to third-party APIs.

We also presented our idea to the group today with good feedback!

## 11/16/22
Today, I worked on:
* posgres database set up, API endpoint design, docker yaml file updates

I set up our project database using postgresql. I also updated our yaml file to support this updates throughout the project. I worked with Klaudia to finalize API endpoint design. We do realize that there endpoints can change as the project evolves. I submitted the wireframe and created the api.md in docs.

Commit message:

set up postgres database to use migrations

journals/katelyn_martin.md, after:

Week 1: project brainstorming. Started with toy trading app ideas, however, we realized setting up an ecommerce site was a bit beyond our capabilities/time frame for this project. We have started with a new idea: ParkIt (crowd-sourced parking spot finder app). Ended the week with finding our API, Bing Maps API, that we will use to populate a list of local public parking areas based on user location.
Week 2:
## 11/14/22
Today, I worked on:
* Restructuring wireframe and logo creation

We worked together as a group to finalize our wireframe design for our ParkIt idea. We also collaborated together to create our porducts logo.

## 11/15/22
Today, I worked on:
* API endpoint design:

I worked with Kaludia and Andrew to determine our API endpoint design for the login, signup, main page, parking spot submission form, and partially through our parking list view/map. We are having a hard time to fully visualize how our backend code will be at this moment with our calls to third-party APIs.

We also presented our idea to the group today with good feedback!

## 11/16/22
Today, I worked on:
* posgres database set up, API endpoint design, docker yaml file updates

I set up our project database using postgresql. I also updated our yaml file to support this updates throughout the project. I worked with Klaudia to finalize API endpoint design. We do realize that these endpoints can change as the project evolves. I uploaded the wireframe and created the api.md in docs. I am currently debating between setting up a script to set up our database tables vs using migrations.
